Pinning channels for the current user (#3518)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: CHANGELOG.md

# Upcoming

## StreamChat
### ✅ Added

> - Pinning channels [#3518](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/3518)
>   - Add `Chat.pin()` and `Chat.unpin()`
>   - Add `ChatChannelController.pin(completion:)` and `ChatChannelController.unpin(completion:)`
>   - Add `FilterKey.pinned` for filtering channel lists
>   - Add `ChannelListSortingKey.pinnedAt`
>   - Add `ChatChannel.membership.pinnedAt`
>   - Add `ChatChannel.isPinned`

Reviewer: I think we can improve the API, since this action only makes sense for the current user:

```suggestion
- Pinning channels [#3518](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/3518)
  - Add `ConnectedUser.pin(channelId:)` and `ConnectedUser.unpin(channelId:)`
  - Add `CurrentChatUserController.pin(channelId:)` and `CurrentChatUserController.unpin(channelId:)`
  - Add `FilterKey.pinned` for filtering channel lists
  - Add `ChannelListSortingKey.pinnedAt`
  - Add `ChatChannel.membership.pinnedAt`
  - Add `ChatChannel.isPinned`
```
